Project 2: Model Analysis Project - Jeppe Druedahl

Vision:
Programming is more than writing code. The ultimate goal of the projects in this course is that you learn to formulate a programming problem of your own choice, and find your own way to solve it, and present the results. The bullets below are minimum requirements, but otherwise it is very much up to you, what you will like to do with your project. I hope to see some creative ideas!

• Objectives:
    In your model analysis project, you should show that you can:
    
        1. Apply model analysis methods (e.g. scipy.optimize, scipy.linalg, sympy)

        2. Structure a code project

        3. Document code

        4. Present results in text form and in figures

• Content:
    In your model analysis project, you should at a minimum:
        
        1. Describe an algorithm on how to solve a simple economic model
(most likely taken from a textbook)
        
        2. Solve (and perhaps simulate) a simple economic model
        
        3. Visualize results across e.g. parametrizations
        
        4. Analyze one or more extensions of the baseline model
        
• Structure:
    Your data analysis project should consist of:
        
        1. A README.md with a short introduction to your project
        
        2. A single self-contained notebook (.ipynb) presenting the analysis
        
        3. (Optionally) Fully documented Python files (.py)
        
• Size:
    Quality before quantity.
    
• Hand-in:
    On GitHub by uploading it to the folder:
    github.com/projects-2019-YOURGROUPNAME/modelproject/
    
• Deadline:
    10th of May 23.59
    
• Supervision:
    The exercises class in the weeks starting 29th of April and 6th of May will give you time to work on your model project and receive supervision from the lecturer and the teaching assistants. Also, remember the online forum.
    
• Peer feedback:
    After handing in, you will be asked to give peer feedback on the projects of two other groups.
    
• Exam:
    Your model analysis project will be a part of your exam portfolio. You are free to incorporate the peer feedback and other comments before handing in the final version.